Automated adjustment of repository templates (#5)
bugsnag/panic-monitor: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> If you find a vulnerability in this SDK, please report it to our [Support Team](mailto:support@bugsnag.com) for review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find a vulnerability in this SDK, please report it to our [Support Team](mailto:security@smartbear.com) for review.
```
